Don't call it BEM (#228)
canonical-web-and-design/practices: coding/stylesheets.md

---
title: Stylesheet coding standards
description: Code style standards for CSS and Sass
---

> Our stylesheet conding standard is based on [BEM methodology](http://getbem.com/).

Reviewer: Oops. Should be

```suggestion
Our stylesheet coding standards are based on [BEM methodology](http://getbem.com/).
```

---

> title: Stylesheets coding standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Stylesheet coding standards
```

description: Code style standards for CSS and Sass
---

> ## BEM methodology

Reviewer: I think putting the BEM heading here is also too strong - again because these are our standard, not BEM's. Maybe leave this heading out so it just goes straight into the "introduction"? I would keep the line about "based on BEM..." but that seems quite sufficient.

Our stylesheet conding standard is based on [BEM methodology](http://getbem.com/).

> For a quick recap on BEM, it works by breaking down all classes in a

Reviewer: Again in the tone of taking ownership of our own guidelines, I think it might be nice to word this more like:

> All classes are broken down into one of three groups:

As I said, I think the "based on BEM methodology" in the line above should be quite sufficient.

Author: @nottrobin Thanks for comments. I updated the introduction text a bit.
